---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# About Domains

## Hostnames

When creating a cloudspace per default you will receive a hostname for your production stage. For example `prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io`, while `a1b2c3` will be a unique ID generated by mogenius.
Every stage you create will have its own hostname. Also, every service inside a stage is available under a dedicated hostname.

**For example**

|Stage|Service|Hostname|
|--|--|--|
| Production || prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io |
|| MySQL | mysql-prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io |
| Testing || testing-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io |
|| MySQL | mysql-testing-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io |
| Development || development-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io |
|| MySQL| mysql-development-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io |

## Use your own domain

You can use a custom domain (`www.yourdomain.com`) for a service published on mogenius. You might consider this when your application will be available to the public so that your application is easy to remember for people.

To use a custom domain you will need to modify the DNS records of your domain and set up a CNAME record that points to your service's hostname (e.g. `mysql-prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io`). Typically you do this by signing in to your domain host's website (e.g. GoDaddy, Enom, or Name.com). Every domain registrar works differently and we ask you to contact your domain host for questions directly related to managing DNS settings on your own domain. However, the steps below are similar for every domain host in most cases.

## Create a CNAME record

1. Go to your domain's DNS records.
2. Add a record to your DNS settings with the type CNAME.
3. Fill in the record according to your domain host's documentation, so that the CNAME destination is set as your mogenius hostname (e.g. `mysql-prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io`)
4. Save your record. Note that it can take to 72 hours until the changes will go into effect.
