---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# About domains

## Hostnames

By default, when you create a cloudspace, you are given a hostname for your production stage. For example `prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io`, where `a1b2c3` is the unique ID for that cloudspace generated by mogenius.
Each stage you create has its own hostname. Also, each service within a stage is available under its own hostname.

**For example**

|Stage|Service|Hostname|
|--|--|--|
| Production || prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mo1.mogenius.io |
|| MySQL | mysql-prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mo1.mogenius.io |
| Testing || testing-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mo1.mogenius.io |
|| MySQL | mysql-testing-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mo1.mogenius.io |
| Development || development-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mo1.mogenius.io |
|| MySQL| mysql-development-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mo1.mogenius.io |

## Use your own domain

You can use a custom domain (`www.yourdomain.com`) for a service published on mogenius. You should consider this if you want your application to be publicly available so that it is easy for others to remember.

To use a custom domain, you must change your domain's DNS records and set up a CNAME record that points to your service's external hostname (for example, "mysql-prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mogenius.io"). Typically, you do this by logging into your domain host's website (for example, GoDaddy, Enom, or Name.com). Each domain registrar works differently, and we encourage you to contact your domain host for questions directly related to managing your own domain's DNS settings. However, the following steps are similar for each domain host in most cases.

## Create a CNAME record

1. Go to your domain's DNS records.
2. Add a record to your DNS settings with the type CNAME.
3. Fill in the entry according to the documentation of your domain host so that the CNAME destination is set to your mogenius hostname (e.g. `mysql-prod-mycloudspace-a1b2c3.mo1.mogenius.io`)
4. Save your entry. Note that it may take up to 72 hours for the changes to take effect.
